My portfolio website and linked resume are living documents built with vsCode using both HTML and CSS. The site is a living template for future projects and work, to be used for prospective clients and to hopefully find work within the field. Over the entire semester in Web Typography, we learned how to build webpages from the ground up. This example happens to be a w3schools template that was customized and edited for use as a portfolio website. The resume template was built by Lara Henderson from the Lewis Carol resume project. The progress made over the semester has allowed me to build the current site, but as stated above, I see it as a living document. Due to what was learned in class, I will be able to take future projects and plug them into the site, something that is highly valuable to myself. There are still bugs I would like to work on, such as using @media breakpoints for the mobile version to be flawless, right now it seems to only work well in landscape mode, and even that has a slight issue with centering the content. Also adding a few more hover elements, especially to the resume link. The resume has been updated since the project's due date, but now that I'm feeling more comfortable coding by the day, the resume as well as the site will be edited monthly and enhanced as time passes. Please feel free to email me if you've got any constructive criticism or idea's regarding the site. I would also like to thank Lara Henderson for her help and dedication throughout the semester, which has allowed any of this to be possible. Thank you.
